Task to auto deactivate removed sso users (#34151)
dimagi/commcare-hq: corehq/apps/sso/templates/sso/email/sso_deactivation_skip_notification.txt

{% load i18n %}
{% blocktrans %}
Dear enterprise administrator,

> We have temporarily skipped automatic deactivate of SSO Web Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have temporarily skipped automatic deactivation of SSO-managed Web Users
```

> We have temporarily skipped automatic deactivate of SSO Web Users
> because we are receiving an empty list of users from your Microsoft Entra ID instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have temporarily skipped automatic deactivation of SSO Web Users
because we received an empty list of users from your Microsoft Entra ID instance.
```

> because we are receiving an empty list of users from your Microsoft Entra ID instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because we received an empty list of users from your Microsoft Entra ID instance.
```
